That's a billion dollars.
Dare to let the dew pay
Mr. Shen, this is 100 million
Take it well, what do you mean?
Mr. Shen
Once this cooperation plan is implemented
It will bring to the scrutiny of far more than 100 million
Are you sure you want to lose the big because of the small?
Not very old.
That's nice.
Give me half an hour.
Let me enjoy it for you
It's not too late for you to decide then, is it?
Sure. Half an hour.
It's been an hour and it hasn't come out yet
It doesn't seem to be capable
I'm afraid it's not sad-fishing begging for mercy
Lu Zi, I didn't expect that you are not only strong in business ability
Better personality
Mr. Gu, your secretary is not simple
Why don't you give him to me?
Mr. Shen joked
Lost is not an item after all
He has the right to choose where he goes
Xie Shen Station
But I came to the story as soon as I graduated
These years
I have already made the story my home
Then I won't force it
However, the follow-up docking of this project
But you're in charge.
Hey, Mr. Shen
Mr. Gu Lu sir stop
Dad, why did you suddenly agree to cooperate?
He really convinced you.
Yeah. How is that possible?
He's better than you
According to his plan
Can bring 1 billion or even tens of billions in return
Of course I'd love to.
But you obviously let me
Keep your mouth shut
I let you into the story
It's to get you close to Gu Tingchuan
But now they don't even know who you are
rubbish
This bitch
So humiliating I killed you